Add docs for similar findings (#66)
DefectDojo/Documentation: docs/features.rst

    and have the same CWE or title, Dojo marks the less recent finding as a duplicate. When deduplication is enabled, a
    list of deduplicated findings is added to the engagement view.

Similar Findings Visualization:

.. image:: _static/similar_finding_1.png
    :alt: Similar findings list

.. image:: _static/similar_finding_2.png
    :alt: Similar findings list with a duplicate

Similar Findings
    While viewing a finding, similar findings within the same product are
    listed along with buttons to mark one finding a duplicate of the other.

>     Clicking the 'Use as original' button on a similar finding will mark that

Reviewer: This file is inconsistent but generally it's probably better to use a double quote (") here and below rather than a single-quote (').

    finding as the original while marking the viewed finding as a duplicate.
    Clicking the "Mark as duplicate" button on a similar finding will mark that
    finding as a duplicate of the viewed finding. If a similar finding is

>     already marked as a duplicate, then a 'Reset duplicate status' button is

Reviewer: One more

>     already marked as a duplicate, then a 'Reset duplicate status' button is

Author: ```suggestion
    already marked as a duplicate, then a "Reset duplicate status" button is
```
